entries/entry7.md, before:

# Entry 7: Making a MVP 
With the time running out, there is no time to be second guessing myself. I have to crank out something for my MVP! Read on to know what I did to combat this major obstacle! 

## Before Starting a MVP 
While knowing that time is running out, Mr. Mueller suggested that I should stop learning other topics, which I did because I know how I am whenever I want to learn something. Then, I started the process of planning my MVP. Here are the first couple of questions that I asked myself: 

**1. What do I want to make?**  
* I would like to make something similar to Hacksplaining, where there is a simulation aspect. With the simulation, I would like to specifically showcase the four topics on Cross-site Scripting. 

**2. Should I work with someone?**  
* While I do feel like it is possible for me to work on it by myself, I cannot do so because it would take a very long time, which is something that I do not have right now. Plus, it would be better if someone else, who is learned about it recently, do it instead. 

Once I have decided to work with a partner, I remembered that Mr. Mueller suggested that I would work with my classmate Ricardo, who was dealing with ReactJS. To attempt to partner with Ricardo, I sent him an email with a summary of what I was learning and propose my MVP idea to him to see if he would be interested in doing the project with me. Luckily, he agreed to work with me. 

## Trouble Beginning MVP 
After deciding to work together, I asked him where we should put our project. I asked him specifically whether our MVP should be on a website or not because I thought that that is the foundation. 

## Takeaways 


## Next Steps

Commit message:

Uploading another section of what I have for my 7th entry so far.

entries/entry7.md, after:

# Entry 7: Making a MVP 
With the time running out, there is no time to be second guessing myself. I have to crank out something for my MVP! Read on to know what I did to combat this major obstacle! 

## Before Starting a MVP 
While knowing that time is running out, Mr. Mueller suggested that I should stop learning other topics, which I did because I know how I am whenever I want to learn something. Then, I started the process of planning my MVP. Here are the first couple of questions that I asked myself: 

**1. What do I want to make?**  
* I would like to make something similar to Hacksplaining, where there is a simulation aspect. With the simulation, I would like to specifically showcase the four topics on Cross-site Scripting. 

**2. Should I work with someone?**  
* While I do feel like it is possible for me to work on it by myself, I cannot do so because it would take a very long time, which is something that I do not have right now. Plus, it would be better if someone else, who is learned about it recently, do it instead. 

Once I have decided to work with a partner, I remembered that Mr. Mueller suggested that I would work with my classmate Ricardo, who was dealing with ReactJS. To attempt to partner with Ricardo, I sent him an email with a summary of what I was learning and propose my MVP idea to him to see if he would be interested in doing the project with me. Luckily, he agreed to work with me. 

## Trouble Beginning MVP 

##### Where Should Our MVP Live In? 
After deciding to work together, I asked him where we should put our project. To be more specific, I asked him whether our MVP should be on a website or not because I thought that the location of our MVP is the foundation. We then both agreed that our MVP should be in a website. 

##### Starting Our Website 
It is established that we want our project to be in a website, okay, good. Next, we thought that should make a navigation bar (navbar) for our website. Ricardo started making the navbar through the usage of this website: [React-Bootstrap](https://react-bootstrap.github.io/components/navbar/). He tries making the second one shown in the reference website, which worked, but we wanted it to scroll to the section in which the user clicked. In other words, if a user clicked "Simulation" in the navbar, I want our website to scroll to that section. 

His attempts to make this idea come true did not work. However, I remembered that we did a class assignment with that feature before, it was the Earth website. I found it in my Cloud9 workspace and showed it to him. A thing that I learned from being his partner is that ReactJS is not exactly the same as JavaScript. 

## Takeaways 


## Next Steps
